IBX-6410 PriceQuery documented (#2127)
ibexa/documentation-developer: docs/pim/price_api.md

    That is why all amounts are provided [in the smallest unit](https://www.moneyphp.org/en/stable/getting-started.html#instantiation).
    For example, for euro `50000` refers to 50000 cents, equal to 50 euros.

### Resolve prices

> To display a product price on a product page or in the cart, you must calculate its value based on a base price and the context, where context is information whether any price modifiers that might be applied in relation to a customer group exist.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To display a product price on a product page or in the cart, you must calculate its value based on a base price and the context.
Context contains information about any price modifiers that may apply to a specific customer group.
```

> To obtain the final price, or resolve the price, use the `PriceResolverInterface` service, which uses the following logic:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To determine the final price, or resolve the price, use the `PriceResolverInterface` service, which uses the following logic:
```

> 1. Checks whether a price exists for the product and currency, returns null if no such price exists.

Reviewer 2: Shouldn't be null put in `` as a data type?

> 1. Checks whether a price exists for the product and currency, returns null if no such price exists.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Checks whether a price exists for the product and currency, returns `null` if no such price exists.
```
